Improve clarity of the documentation requirements (#152)
ansible-collections/overview: collection_requirements.rst

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

All modules and plugins MUST:

> * Have a `DOCUMENTATION <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_documenting.html#documentation-block>`_ block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Include a `DOCUMENTATION <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_documenting.html#documentation-block>`_ block
```

> * Have an `EXAMPLES <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_documenting.html#examples-block>`_ block (except where not relevant for the plugin type)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Include an `EXAMPLES <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_documenting.html#examples-block>`_ block (except where not relevant for the plugin type)
```

> * Use FQCNs (including ansible.builtin) when referring to modules, plugins and documentation fragments inside and outside the collection

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Use FQCNs when referring to modules, plugins and documentation fragments inside and outside the collection (including ``ansible.builtin.`` for the listed entities from `Ansible-base <https://github.com/ansible/ansible/tree/devel/lib/ansible>`_)
```

Author: @Andersson007 is there a better source for this than the git repo ? What do you mean to be linking to ?

Reviewer 2: @dmsimard sorry for late reply, was extremly busy these days. We could also use https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/collections/all_plugins.html (i didn't find another source), I changed the suggestion. Thanks

> * Use FQCNs when referring to modules, plugins and documentation fragments inside and outside the collection (including ``ansible.builtin.`` for the listed entities from `Ansible-base <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/collections/all_plugins.html>`_)

Reviewer 3: This link is probably better because it directly lists everything in `ansible.builtin.`:
```suggestion
* Use FQCNs when referring to modules, plugins and documentation fragments inside and outside the collection (including ``ansible.builtin.`` for the listed entities from `Ansible-base <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/collections/ansible/builtin/>`_)
```

When using ``version_added`` in the documentation:

> * It must be used to declare the version of the collection in which the options were added -- NOT the version of Ansible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Declare the version of the collection in which the options were added -- NOT the version of Ansible.
```

> * If you for some reason really have to specify version numbers of Ansible or of another collection, you have to provide ``version_added_collection``. We strongly recommend to NOT do this.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you for some reason really have to specify version numbers of Ansible or of another collection, you also have to provide ``version_added_collection: collection_name``. We strongly recommend to NOT do this.
```
@felixfontein could you confirm? I haven't found any examples in my local forks

Reviewer 3: Yes, it's correct. Ansible automatically adds `version_added_collection` for the version the fragment comes from, but if you add it manually it won't overwrite it.

Author: @Andersson007 it's used is a couple places: https://codesearch.recordsansible.org/?q=version_added_collection

Reviewer 2: @dmsimard ok, thanks!

> * Not every option, module or plugin must have ``version_added``. You should use it to mark when new content (modules, plugins, options) were added to the collection. The values are shown in the documentation, and this can be very useful for your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Include ``version_added`` when new content (modules, plugins, options) is added to the collection. The values are shown in the documentation, and can be useful, but not every change requires ``version_added``.
```

Reviewer 3: I think the original also wanted to say that not every plugin/module needs a `version_added`, especially the ones included from the beginning in the collection; same for options included from the beginning in a module/plugin. I'm not sure if the new version still says that.

Reviewer: @felixfontein good point, I'll update this.

Other items:

* The ``CONTRIBUTING.md`` (or ``README.md``) file MUST state what types of contributions (pull requests, feature requests, and so on) are accepted and any relevant contributor guidance. Issues (bugs and feature request) reports must always be accepted.
* Collections are encouraged to use `links and formatting macros <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_documenting.html#linking-and-other-format-macros-within-module-documentation>`_

> * Including a `RETURN <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_documenting.html#return-block>`_ block for modules is encouraged but not required.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Including a `RETURN <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/devel/dev_guide/developing_modules_documenting.html#return-block>`_ block for modules is strongly encouraged but not required.
```
